Updating release notes for Keycloak 23 with some 'core features' impr… (#24468)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/release_notes/topics/23_0_0.adoc

Keycloak has preview support for https://fidoalliance.org/passkeys/[Passkeys].

Passkey registration and authentication are realized by the features of WebAuthn.
Therefore, users of Keycloak can do passkey registration and authentication by existing WebAuthn registration and authentication.

Both synced passkeys and device-bound passkeys can be used for both Same-Device and Cross-Device Authentication.
However, passkeys operations success depends on the user's environment. Make sure which operations can succeed in https://passkeys.dev/device-support/[the environment].

> Thanks to https://github.com/tnorimat[Takashi Norimatsu] for the contribution and Thanks to https://github.com/thomasdarimont[Thomas Darimont] for the help with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to https://github.com/tnorimat[Takashi Norimatsu] for the contribution and thanks to https://github.com/thomasdarimont[Thomas Darimont] for the help with the
```

ideas and testing of this feature.

= WebAuthn improvements

> There is new field `Extra Origins` added to WebAuthn policy, which allows better interoperability with non-Web platforms (e.g. native mobile applications).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WebAuthn policy now includes a new field: `Extra Origins`.  It provides better interoperability with non-Web platforms (for example, native mobile applications).
```

Thanks to https://github.com/akunzai[Charley Wu] for the contribution.

= RESTEasy Reactive

Keycloak has switched to RESTEasy Reactive. Applications using `quarkus-resteasy-reactive` should still benefit from a better startup time, runtime performance, and memory footprint, even though not using reactive style/semantics. SPI's that depend directly on JAX-RS API should be compatible with this change. SPI's that depend on RESTEasy Classic including `ResteasyClientBuilder` will not be compatible and will require update, this will also be true for other implementation of the JAX-RS API like Jersey.

= More flexibility for introspection endpoint

> In previous versions, introspection endpoint returned automatically most of the claims, which were available in the access token. Now there is new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions, introspection endpoint  automatically returned most claims, which were available in the access token. Now there is new
```

> switch `Add to token introspection` on most of protocol mappers. This allows more flexibility as introspection endpoint can return different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
switch `Add to token introspection` on most of protocol mappers. This addition allows more flexibility as introspection endpoint can return different
```

claims than access token. This is first step towards "Lightweight access tokens" support as access tokens can omit lots of the claims, which would be still returned
by the introspection endpoint. When migrating from previous versions, the introspection endpoint should return same claims, which are returned from access token,

> so the behaviour should be effectively the same by default after the migration. Thanks to https://github.com/skabano[Shigeyuki Kabano] for the contribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so the behavior should be effectively the same by default after the migration. Thanks to https://github.com/skabano[Shigeyuki Kabano] for the contribution.
```

= Feature flag for OAuth 2.0 device authorization grant flow

> There is a feature flag added for OAuth 2.0 device authorization grant flow, so it is possible to easily disable this feature. Feature is still enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OAuth 2.0 device authorization grant flow now includes a feature flag, so you can easily disable this feature. This eature is still enabled by default.
```

Thanks to https://github.com/thomasdarimont[Thomas Darimont] for the contribution.

= Group scalability improvements

> Performance around searching of groups is improved for the use-cases with big amount of groups and subgroups. There are improvements, which allow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Performance around searching of groups is improved for the use-cases with many groups and subgroups. There are improvements, which allow
```

paginated lookup of subgroups. Thanks to https://github.com/alice-wondered[Alice] for the contribution.

= User profile improvements

> Declarative user profile is still a preview feature in this release, but we are working hard on promoting it to supported feature. Feedback is welcome.
> If you find any issues or have any improvements in mind, it is welcome to create https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues/new/choose[Github issue],
> ideally with label `area/user-profile`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Declarative user profile is still a preview feature in this release, but we are working hard on promoting it to a supported feature. Feedback is welcome.
If you find any issues or have any improvements in mind,  you are welcome to create https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues/new/choose[Github issue],
ideally with label `area/user-profile`.
```
